Create Setup Guide for wiki (#80)
Readme-Workflows/recent-activity: docs/Setup.md

[template]: https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/activity-template
[sample]: https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/recent-activity/blob/main/sample.yml

# First time Setup

This page explains how you can setup Recent-Activity for your Profile-README.

## 0) Create Profile-README
If you have a Profile-README already can you skip to the next step.

The Profile-README can be created by creating a new Repository that matches your Username. For example, if your name is `User` would you name your Repository `User`.  
You know you set it up when you get a message telling you that you discovered a secret.

When creating the Repository, make sure you have setup the following things:

- You set the Repository to `Public`
- You checked `Add a README file`

> You can also use a template Repository such as the [`activity-template`][template] from Readme-Workflows to quickly setup your Profile-README. Important is only that the name of the repository is your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use a template Repository such as the [`activity-template`][template] provided by Readme-Workflows to quickly setup your Profile-README. Important is only that the name of the repository is your GitHub username.
```

  build:
    # The type of runner that the job will run on
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    # Steps represent a sequence of tasks that will be executed as part of the job
    steps:
      # Checks-out your repository under $GITHUB_WORKSPACE, so your job can access it
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      # Runs a single command using the runners shell
      - name: Run a one-line script
        run: echo Hello, world!

      # Runs a set of commands using the runners shell
      - name: Run a multi-line script
        run: |
          echo Add other actions to build,
          echo test, and deploy your project.

```
By default does GitHub name the action `main.yml` but you can change that name to anything you want.

You're now ready to configure the file which we explain in the next step.

### 1.1) Manual setup

If you prefer a more manual setup can you create a file yourself manually.  
To do that, make sure that you're on the `Code` tab of the Repository and on the root-level of it. You know you're right if you see info on the right-hand side such as `About`.

From there click the `Add file` button followed by `Create new file`.  

> In the editor window should you now make sure that the file is saved in the right location. To do this, click the small textbox at the top and type `.github/workflows/<name>.yml` (`<name>` can be any name you want).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the editor window should you now make sure that the file is saved in the right location. To do this, click the small textbox at the top and type `.github/workflows/<name>.yml` (`<name>` can be any name you want, recommend to use `update-readme`).
```

Author: Won't really add this... It doesn't matter what name is used here.

In the large text field will you put the contents of the workflow which we explain below.

### 1.2) Configure file

Now it's time to configure the workflow file.

You can just copy the below text and replace any existing content in the editor with it.  

> Note that `{version}` should be replaced with the latest release of the Recent-Activity Action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `{version}` should be replaced with the latest release of the Recent-Activity Action or use `main` to use the main branch.
```

Reviewer 2: `main` may have breaking changes. Using version is always safe!

Reviewer: Okay

Author: You are aware that it says "should be replaced with the **latest release**" right?

```yaml
name: Update README

on:
  schedule:
    - cron: '*/30 * * * *' # Update every 30 minutes
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Update Profile README

    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2.3.4
      - uses: Readme-Workflows/recent-activity@{version}
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```
The action has some settings that are directly set through `with` options such as `CONFIG_FILE` which allows you to set a different config file to use (Explained next).

> Once you're donw with your setup commit the changes. You know you did it right if you can see `.github/workflows` in the directory where your README is located at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're done with your setup commit the changes. You know you did it right if you can see `.github/workflows` in the directory where your README is located at.
```

## 2) Configure Recent-Activity

Now that you set up the workflow is it time to create and configure the YAML file for the Action.  
By default is the file called `recent-activity.config.yml` and is located in the `.github` directory. If you set a different file-path through the `CONFIG_FILE` option in the workflow, make sure that the name and location match.

When no configuration was defined would the action default to specific values:

- `username` defaults to the Repository-Owner
- `max_lines` defaults to 5
- `readme_file` defaults to `./README.md`

> - `disabled_events` defaults to `comments`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `disabled_events` defaults to `["comments"]`
```

Please see the [`sample.yml`][sample] file for all options and their default values.  
You can also check the [[Configuration]] Page for any info about the different options.

## 3) Configure README file

> The final step is to now update the README.md file. If you selected `Add a README file` should there be a README file in your Repository that you can just edit.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final step is to now update the README.md file. If you selected `Add a README file` when creating the repo. There be a README file in your Repository that you can just edit.  
```

Reviewer 2: ```
The final step is to now update the README.md file. If you selected `Add a README file` when creating the repo. There will be a README file in your Repository that you can just edit.  
```
@PuneetGopinath you missed the word `will`

Reviewer: @abhijoshi2k Directly edit my comment
